docs: log drains documentation (#26370)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform/log-drains.mdx

---
id: 'log-drains'
title: 'Log Drains'
description: 'Getting started with Supabase Log Drains'
---

Log drains will send all logs of the Supabase stack to one or more desired destinations. It is only available for customers on Teams and Enterprise plans. See [pricing](https://supabase.com/pricing) for more information.

<Admonition type="note">

> Log drains is in **Private Alpha**, and is not available in the dashboared yet. Please reach out to [support](https://supabase.com/support) and indicate your interest in enabling log drains for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log drains is in **Private Alpha**, and is not available in the dashboard yet. Contact [support](https://supabase.com/support) to indicate your interest in enabling log drains for your project.
```
